LLaVa-Next: Update docs with batched inference (#30857)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/llava_next.md

print(processor.decode(output[0], skip_special_tokens=True))
```

### Multi image inference

> LLaVa-Next can perform inference with miltiple images as input, where images either belong to the same prompt or different prompts (in batched inference). Gere is how you can do it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LLaVa-Next can perform inference with multiple images as input, where images either belong to the same prompt or different prompts (in batched inference). Here is how you can do it:
```

# Load the model in half-precision
model = LlavaNextForConditionalGeneration.from_pretrained("llava-hf/llava-v1.6-mistral-7b-hf", torch_dtype=torch.float16, device_map="auto")
processor = AutoProcessor.from_pretrained("llava-hf/llava-v1.6-mistral-7b-hf")

# Get three different images
url = "https://www.ilankelman.org/stopsigns/australia.jpg"
image_stop = Image.open(requests.get(url, stream=True).raw)

url = "http://images.cocodataset.org/val2017/000000039769.jpg"
image_cats = Image.open(requests.get(url, stream=True).raw)

url = "https://huggingface.co/microsoft/kosmos-2-patch14-224/resolve/main/snowman.jpg"
image_snowman = Image.open(requests.get(url, stream=True).raw)

# Prepare a batched prompt, where the first one is a multi-turn conversation and the second is not
prompt = [
    "[INST] <image>\nWhat is shown in this image? [/INST] There is a red stop sign in the image. [INST] <image>\nWhat about this image? How many cats do you see [/INST]",
    "[INST] <image>\nWhat is shown in this image? [/INST]"
]

# We can simply feed images in the order they have to be used in the text prompt
# Each "<image>" token uses one image leaving the next for the subsequent "<image>" tokens

> inputs = processor(text=prompt, images=[image_stop, image_cats, image_snowman], padding=True, return_tensors="pt").to(model.device)

Reviewer 2: This is actually quite surprising behaviour and doesn't match with other models which take multiple images per prompt e.g. Idefics2. I should have caught this in the #29850 PR. I would have expected the images to be in the structure `[[image_stop, image_cats], [image_snowman]]`. Can the processor accept both?

Author: Hmm, did not know Idefics is different. No, LLaVa processors work same way as all other image processors so they do not accept nested lists of images.

Also, I did the same thing for Video-LLaVa which simply aligns images on a rolling basis, replacing the special token

Author: Does that mean we should make it Idefics style? I guess it can be done by flattening a list inside an image processor, if we get a nested list

Reviewer 2: > No, LLaVa processors work same way as all other image processors so they do not accept nested lists of images.

The best analogy is with video image processor. The input to these can be:
* A single image (frame)
* A list of images (series of frames, with batch size 1): `[image_0_0, image_0_1, image_0_2]`
* A nested list of images (series of frames with batch size b): `[[image_0_0, image_0_1, image_0_2], [image_1_0, image_1_1, image_1_2]]`

This is in effect a video-like input, where the number of frames can vary per sample. 

It's also more analogous to the question-answering input format for tokenizers, where the structure for pairs of sentences to be tokenized is: `[[text_a_0, text_a_1], [text_b_0, text_b_1]]`. 

I'd rather the structure was more like this, as it makes it explicit and removes ambiguity with the input format between other image processors. 

Since it already accepts this format, what I would suggest is enabling accepting either this flat format, or the nested format. This way, users will be more able to seamlessly switch between different models when using Auto classes

Author: Done, similar to video processors I added a `make_batch` function which flattens the list if it's nested.

From user perspective nothing changes and the processor returns same shapes if nested list is passed. Added a test for that
